feat: improved grammar; less (no?) ambiguities; (#64)
yseop/vscode-yseopml: client/README.md

### Syntax highlighting

- For common YML code
- For text granules and inside them

### Parsing error warnings

> ![Example image for parsing warning](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yseop/vscode-yseopml/master/client/images/parsingProblem.png "Parsing warnings in the “Problem”'s and editor's view.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Example image for parsing warning](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/yseop/vscode-yseopml/master/client/images/parsingProblem.png "Parsing warnings in the “Problems” and editor views.")
```

- `\choice`: An alternative in a list of synonyms
- `complete`: Complete an instance with values
- `\endOfLine`: Force end of line
- `field`: Yml class attribute
- `\foreach`: “For each” loop
  **_or_** “For each” loop with assembly ID
- `function`: Function
  **_or_** Function with custom args
  **_or_** Function with direct return
- `granule`: Text granule
- `instance`: Object instance
- `interface`: Interface
- `italic`: Italic text
- `\nextItem`: An item in a static list
- `\noContraction`: Prevent contraction
- `\notEmptyString`: Make sure a string is not considered empty
- `\nounPhrase`: Noun phrase
- `numeralStyle`: Display style for numbers
- `\recipientAction`: Verb using a second person subject
  **_or_** Verb using a second person subject, with adjective
- `round`: Number rounding
- `\senderAction`: Verb using a first person subject
  **_or_** Verb using a first person subject, with adjective
- `\switch`: Handle values differently
- `synonyms`: List of alternatives
- `TextFunction`: Text function
  **_or_** Text function with custom arguments
- `textu`: Textualization attribute
- `\thirdAction`: Verb using a third person subject
- `\value`: Display a value

> - `\verb`: Verb

Reviewer: Why change the bullets here and not in the script whose purpose is to generate the list?

Author: Automatic formatting, sorry; this was an unexpected change.
